About a year.
Just killed
What a pity!
I'll have a good time before killing
No way.
I'm poor, you love him the most
The shopping lady also gossips
Senior sister, I'm here to save you, why are you here?
What about the others?
This is my anti-drug master
You came to save me what did they do
Because your words are the most like last words
That's it. That's it.
If something happens to them
I will feel guilty for the rest of my life
Don't be afraid, I know best what they think, let's go
I did a great job just now
OK
Thank you, Brother Wang
If it wasn't you who came just now
That's a big problem
I hope Brother Xiao can understand what we mean.
Don't choose the wrong one.
Are you sure it contains
You can get the martial arts inside
I'm really not sure.
You are kidding me who made you stupid
Ou Ruonan, let me tell you a secret
Actually your mother
The child was found years ago
But every time he checks his body
I accompanied them.
I kept it from him.
Can he leave in such a hurry this time?
It's because you were won by my fellow sect master